Bug 1653194 - Add the definition for 'measurement window' to glossary (#1105)
mozilla/glean: docs/appendix/glossary.md

Upon successful collection, the payload is queued for upload, which may not happen immediately or at all (in case network connectivity is not available).

Unless the user has defined their own custom pings, they don’t need to worry too much about submitting pings.

All the default pings have their scheduling and submission handled by the SDK.

## Measurement window

The measurement window of a ping is the time frame in which metrics are being actively gathered for it.

> The measurement window start time is the moment the previous ping gets collected. Once the previous ping is collected, new metrics that are recorded will be part of the current ping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The measurement window start time is the moment the previous ping is submitted. In the absence of a previous ping, this time will be the time the application process started.
```

> The measurement window end time is the moment the current ping gets collected. Any new metric recorded will be part of the next ping, so this pings measurement window is over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The measurement window end time is the moment the current ping gets submitted. Any new metric recorded after submission will be part of the next ping, so this pings measurement window is over.
```
